So this is where we define the road scenario.
This comes from the driving toolbox and here,
we define the different actors.
When I say actors, that means the different vehicles on the road.
You can generate this output in the driving toolbox.
After that, we define the configuration for sensors.
In this case we are using six sensors on
the legal vehicle and each of them has the parameters defined in the driving toolbox.
So you can go into the driving toolbox,
you can pick different configuration for each sensor,
and you can mount it on the car.
This is where the main loop begins.
So here you can see the tracker takes a detections from their radar sensors
and it run it through the tracker function as well as
the clustering function to generate the confirm tracks.
The clustering function is the same function that we looked
through and it is defined over here.
This is where you define the common filter based on your motion model.
A common filter after being defined goes into
this multi-object tracker and this is where the tracker is generated.
Using all this once we run the code,
we get the output in this format.
So as you can see, the car in blue is a legal vehicle.
It has six sensors around it, the radar sensors.
Now you can see on the yellow car as it passes by,
it's detecting multiple points.
The one in the black square in the circle is the tracker.